hey youtube Mandy here doing my week 1
post op update I'm just gonna make it
quick today because I've been doing
updates along the way so I probably
going to do two videos put all the other
stuff in one video and this and in
another video um okay so numbers sorry
today is the Friday the twenty-second of
October 2010 so I'm one week post-op
today I started a free lap band at 130
point nine kilograms which is two
hundred and eighty eight point five
pound Oh so today seven days later i am
one hundred and twenty four point nine
or 275 point three pound so that's a
loss of six kilograms or 13.2 pound in
seven days and it's really not
surprising because you know i'm on my
liquid phase so i'm not actually eating
much of anything and anyone would lose
weight that way and you know a lot of
its water weight but hey i'm taking it
anyway six kilos I'm not carrying around
with me so boo hoo um okay so no I just
want to touch on a couple things um I
wanted to talk about the post-op pain or
discomfort um I think shree up I was in
a bit of a wonderland like I think I was
in a fairy utopia thinking that I would
be right I would bounce back it would
only be a couple of days Oh blah blah
blah not the case really not the case
it's been a bit more painful than I
expected and more disruptive I guess
so I stayed in hospital overnight um and
I had the little picky pain thing which
was ok only I didn't really use it that
much um you know the first day I
probably press it may be four times um
and I didn't use it at all on the second
day I guess I kind of wanted to get not
used to the pain but I will ya used to
the pain because I wouldn't have the
little cookie thing when I got home so
um so yeah they gave me some stuff
called pain stop when I left the
hospital he was at a liquid form it was
like the little kids of asian so I had
to take of this massive amount and it
tasted disgusting like yuck and so I got
home and I what I've got to my mom's
place where I've been staying and I was
taking it like the so I got home on a
Saturday I so I took the rest of that
you know of a Saturday media took it
like three times every four hours and
then the Sunday I took it in the morning
and that was it so you know I stopped
take having to take pain relief two days
after so that's pretty good um however I
think I was I've just been uncomfortable
the whole time so you know the pulling
straining any sort of getting up sitting
down is really tough on on the port
because of all the you know the the
trauma it's been through with the muscle
you know anything like that's going to
hurt um so yeah just give your heads up
on that if you pre-op don't expect
sunshine and roses it's all I'm going to
say another thing I've noticed is my
lung capacity like that really shocked
me
in hospital they gave me that little
thing that you have to suck on and it
brings up the three balls and stuff and
I could only do too and I was really
shocked by that and even now my lung
capacity is is you know really affected
I don't know whether like I think that's
a repercussion of anaesthetic but yeah
that that's something that didn't really
shocked me um so today I've taken my
dressings off my cats um I won't show
you you don't need to see that so I've
got 55 cuts one longer so the port ones
about that big and yeah that they're all
looking pretty well um come bruises are
coming out here there and everywhere so
you know I'm well on my way to mending
I'm gonna head home today because
because I've been at my mum's place this
whole time and she's been great yeah you
know like the hand and foot waiting on
me but yes I going home today gotta pack
up all my stuff he knew I had so much
stuff and she go home and start doing
this so that's where I'm at I'm really
really happy with the weight loss I'm
ecstatic actually and you know I'm just
excited about things to come I've got
another week of liquids so that's
exciting not so I've been having my
multivitamin it's gross to protein
shakes a day
and to like two serves of soup so a
serving is like you know in a little
Bowl let be I tried last night I had
tomato soup which was really filling I
popped in a I don't know i think i've
told you before i popped in a teaspoon
of my cream cheese spread and it made it
really cheesy and it was really nice oh
I'm 12 a good thing there but you know
once this is done if I don't have a soup
again for the rest of my life I will be
a very happy girl I'm so I'm kind of
looking forward to moving on to the
mushy as crazy as that sounds something
with a bit of consistency would be great
so yeah all right well I think that's it
um keep it real see ya